docs: component principles and createComponent readme (#2255)
stardust-ui/react: packages/react-theming/README.md

# Summary

`react-compose` provides a set of tools for creating themable
components. The `compose` tool takes a functional component and, given
default options and contextual overrides provided through React
context, computes injected props including `classes`, `slots`, and

> `slotProps`. Styles are computed only when encountering unique theme

Reviewer: Aren't we going to re-calculate for different props combination? How can only the theme be key for the cache? Based on what was priviosly written:

>  A variant is defined as an additional prop on the created component which has
the ability to adjust the look and feel of the component.

it seems that we will need to include the props combination in the cache.

Author: Yes, this is a good point. This work needs to be done still however, these docs are just documenting the existing code.

Reviewer: What existing code is that? I thought we are defining the vision of the principles and createComponent. Is this a doc for the current compose/createComponent that is part of the react-theming mechanism?

Author: Yes, sorry for muddying the waters. I will remove the README changes from this PR so it's more focused.

Reviewer: I see now, I thought everything is part of the component principles write up. Yep, it would be best if we can extract it. Thanks!

# Using components created with `compose`

> There is no requirement around using components build with `compose`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no requirement around using components built with `compose`.
```

If you use them without a theme, they will render with whichever

> default token/styling values, if any, are provided.

Reviewer 3: Would these default token/styling values would passed directly to those "Base" components with classNames?

Author: No, components used without compose would have no access to tokens; it would be the caller's responsibility to provide classes.

It is recommended the default styling provide very limited styling, leaving tokens as the preferred method for customizing the component.

## Styling components with a theme

Default styling and tokens can always be overridden using theme.

In the event that a consumer desires to use their own theming/styling
system, there are multiple entry points which can be used to inject
information.

All components derive from base components, which have a simple class
name contract. A consumer is free to bring along their own styles and

> pass class names to components and they will render the correct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pass class names to components, which will render the expected
```

### Slots

`props.slots` will be a dictionary mapping individual slots to
`ReactType` values which can then be used in JSX.

> `slots` are defined in createComponent by specifying a slots argument:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`slots` are defined in `createComponent` by specifying a slots argument:
```

```jsx

> const CreatedComponent = createComponent(BaseComponent, {

Reviewer 2: Is it going to be `createComponent` or `compose`? I see both terms being used at different times in this PR.

Author: Ahh, good call. I meant to keep this consistent. It's `compose` now, but we are going to change it as several FP libraries already have a `compose` impl that differs.

  slots: {
    root: 'div',
    button: MyLibrary.FancyButton
  }
});

```

### Slot Props

> `props.slotProps` defines the props that are distributed to each slot.

Reviewer 3: So the main difference between slotProps and slots is the layer at which each can be set?

Author: They can both be accessed most places. The difference is what goes in each (props for a component, or a component reference itself). The value of keeping them separate is to make replacing a base's component with a themed component an easy process.

> `props.slotProps` defines the props that are distributed to each slot.

Reviewer: We discussed multiple times about replacing `slotProps` with direct props on the component. The slots prop is a great idea, but for the slotProps I still don't get the benefits we would get from it.

Author: The main advantages are to easily replace the implementation without having to re-handle all of the props. I think we agree of having that interface at the top level, but for a base component I'm not sure it makes sense.

## Conformance

In order to validate that a base control conforms to the interface,

> simply add one test per slot test alongside the implementation and run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
simply add one test per slot alongside the implementation and run
```
